[Music]
when we look at the cost of x3 I believe
in anybody who works at this company
believes it's actually incredibly
cost-effective and here's why it needs
to handle seven times the force of
typical gym equipment because everyone
is seven times stronger than they think
they are because we're hyper loading the
stronger ranges of motion and this
initiates the accelerated rate of growth
so it needs to be built a lot tougher
like certainly a lot tougher than home
gym equipment but even commercial gym
equipment that gets used all day long
the x3 is built to a higher quality
standard higher weight tolerant standard
therefore it needs to be made out of
more powerful materials for example
typical Olympic bars hollow this has
steel running all the way through and
it's anodized aluminum on the on the
exterior we have more powerful banding
than is found anywhere we've seen in the
world and that's how we get to that of
you're six feet tall the deadlift with
this is 615 pounds at peak and like I
said you're seven times stronger so a
lot of people are going to be able to
handle that and do incredibly well with
it so the real answer is number one it's
made in the United States and all the
parts are made in the United States so
we're supporting the country that's
that's a good thing but also the quality
has to be able to deliver the right
amount of force to give you the results
because ultimately how you workout
doesn't really matter if you're getting
growth three times faster than you would
with weight training isn't that the
objective so when somebody uses x3 for
six months and they put on 20 pounds of
muscle which happens all the time you
can see it on the user's forum and you
can see it on the before and afters on
our website that seems to be the real
answer what's 20 pounds of muscle worth